Fix `base_of_exclude` handling (#2380)
alteryx/featuretools: docs/source/release_notes.rst

        * Add ``OneDigitPostalCode`` and ``TwoDigitPostalCode`` primitives (:pr:`2365`)
        * Add ``ExpandingCount``, ``ExpandingMin``, ``ExpandingMean``, ``ExpandingMax``, ``ExpandingSTD``, and ``ExpandingTrend`` primitives (:pr:`2343`)
    * Fixes

>         * Fix ``base_of_exclude`` handling in DeepFeatureSynthesis for TransformPrimitives (:pr:`2380`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        * Fix DeepFeatureSynthesis to consider the ``base_of_exclude`` family of attributes when creating transform features(:pr:`2380`)
```
